<br>

<frontmatter>
  layout: default.md
  pageNav: 2
  pageNavTitle: "Chapters of This Page"
</frontmatter>

[](#code-submission-guidelines)Code Submission Guidelines
=========================================================

In your repository, ensure that you have the following folders / files:

1.  `README.md`, which should include your target environment, additional build instructions, and contact details (name, mobile, email) of your team members.
    
2.  `TeamXX`, where `XX` is your team number. It will contain:
    
    1.  `CodeXX` which includes:
        
        *   A Visual Studio solution / Cross-platform solution with all your code integrated with Autotester.
            
        *   Required configuration files (and its additional project files and directories)
            
    
    The solution (and all projects included) **should build without errors in the Release configuration**.
    
    2.  `TestsXX`, which includes:
        
        *   All your system test cases. Each test case should be a pair of files:
            
            *   `<TEST-DESCRIPTION>_source.txt`, the SIMPLE program
            *   `<TEST-DESCRIPTION>_queries.txt`, its corresponding query file
        *   You can further organize the test cases with subfolders. Consider adding a short readme at the top folder to describe your test folder organization.
            

In your repository, **remove these folders / files**:

1.  `.vs` - Temporary files generated by Visual Studio
    
2.  `.git` - Git files generated by git, containing your git history
    
3.  `Debug` - Debug binaries generated by building and linking the project
    
4.  `Release` - Release binaries generated by building and linking the project
    

[](#tagging-commits)Tagging Commits
===================================

Tag the commit to your repository that you want us to grade as follows before the deadline:

*   Milestone 1: `milestone1`
*   Milestone 2: `milestone2`
*   Milestone 3: `milestone3`

To tag your commit, you will need to:

1.  Add, commit and push your changes to your team's repository **before** the deadline.
    
2.  Select the version you wish to submit by either:
    
    *   **Navigating using Github**
        
        1.  Go to your GitHub repository using your browser.
            
        2.  Click on the `commits` on the bottom of the green `Code` button.
            
        3.  Identify the commit with the that you want to use for submission, you can click on the copy icon to copy the `<commit hash>`
            
    *   **Navigating using command line**
        
        1.  Navigate your git history using `git log` and identify the commit with the that you want to use for submission.
            
        2.  Change to the commit using `git checkout <commit hash>`
            
3.  Verify your source version using the browser using the link: `https://github.com/nus-cs3203/<repository name>/tree/<commit hash>` to view the repository for that particular version.
    
4.  Tag your commit by either:
    
    *   **Navigating using Github**
        
        1.  Create a new release in the right navigation bar, or go to `https://github.com/nus-cs3203/<repository name>/releases/new` directly.
            
        2.  Use the `<commit hash>` instead of a branch to select the particular commit.
            
        3.  Fill in all of the required information. You are not required to include your binary.
            
    *   **Navigating using command line** ([https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Tagging))
        
        1.  Tag the commit `git tag <milestone tag>` (e.g. `git tag milestone2`).
            
        2.  Push the tag to remote repository `git push origin <milestone tag>` (e.g.`git push origin milestone2`).
            

Once the commit is tagged, your submission is complete.

[](#verifying-submission)Verifying Submission
=============================================

Assuming you have set up your [ssh-key authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) properly, you can verify the files that you have submitted by running the following command: `git clone --depth 1 --branch milestone tag> [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection):nus-cs3203/<repository name>.git`.

We will also be using this command to download your submission.